ButtonSet Docs: Adds `description` and `caption` for `ButtonSet` component (#834)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/button/index.md

---
title: Button

> description: An interactive element that initiates an action or event, like a form submission.

Reviewer: Suggestion:
"like a form submission" 
=>
"such as a form submission"

> description: An interactive element that initiates an action or event, like a form submission.

Author: ```suggestion
description: An interactive element that initiates an action or event, such as a form submission.
```
